# js13k-2021

This is the repository for my js13k 2021 entry.

This is my first entry to js13k. I wanted to use this as an opportunity to develop my js skills as have never done something without frameworks etc. So, my goal was to create something with no external libraries, files or anything - so no images or sound files either.

I spent most of the jam getting to grips with what I could and couldn't do - the game itself is a bit of a hodgepodge of a few ideas rammed together. It's not necessarily what I wanted to create, but I didn't really know what I wanted to / could create either and I'm happy with th results.

The code isn't great and the game could do with a lot of improvements - due to time constraints these things will have to improved post jam, but key things to sort out will be making the audio better - better sounds, scheduling etc, refining the levels (these were kinda thrown together) and refining the mechanics.

I'm really happy with what I've been able to achieve through the jam - I've learned so much and feel that I understand js much better than I did before!

The audio is generated bythe player colliding with background "stars" and the collectibles. All sounds are basic sine waves - the background is C pentatonic, the collectibles playing an arpeggio in C major. I got the idea from a previous js13k game (Bellwoods - https://mattdesl.svbtle.com/bellwoods). My implementation is nowhere near as good and is in need of improvement...

# The game:

## Space Worm!

A little known fact is that space is actually filled with giant space worms who race around the galaxy gobbling up stars. They are constrained by fluctuations in the space/time continuum that appear as black boxes to the worms through which they cannot pass. They are hunted by errant meteors which devour their heads and they have little defence again.

You are one of these worms, on a mission to eat as many stars as you can...

Use an onscreen joystick to move - touch and drag on touch screen or click and drag with left mouse button. Eat all of the stars. Avoid meteors and killer space/time continuums!

## Post Jam To-do:
1. Save data (local storage)
2. More levels
3. Energy bar/lives - to aid difficulty
4. Schedule audio properly and create a backbeat
5. Polygon collision
